---
home: false
title: "Configure your organization @unikname identifier"
---
 
# Configure your organization @unikname identifier

Your users must be able to check and verify information about your service, especially your business name and its web address. Let's configure your organization @unikname identifier. It will reveal, to the uns.network [UNS.network](https://explorer.uns.network) community, your business name and associated data.

[[toc]]

## 1. Disclose your organization @unikname identifier

By default, all @unikname values are obfuscated and hidden for all. The action of revealing your @unikname data to [UNS.network](https://explorer.uns.network) community is called "disclose your @unikname".

1. Open the [UNS CLI](creating-unikname-organization) 
2. Run the following command line to disclose and verify the @unikname value:

```bash
    $ uns unik:disclose "@organization:mycompany"  -e "My-Company"
```

2. Replace the value `mycompany` by the organization @unikname you want to disclose, internally in [UNS.network](https://explorer.uns.network)
3. Replace `My-Company` by the "official/public" value you want to show to your users for your organization @unikname<br/>

:::📝
Refer to the [@unikname naming schema](soon) to ensure that you entered the @unikname value properly.::: 

## 2. Verify the web address of your service

You must also reveal to your users the web address of your service (domain URL) and that it has been verified.

### Generate a verification package

1. Type the following command to generate a verification package:
```bash
$ uns properties:register "@organization:mycompany" --value "www.mycompany.com" 
```
2. Replace `www.mycompany.com` by the URL of your website.

⚠️ Do not include the `https` protocol. It is added by default to the URL.

3. Publish this verification package to the website of your service.
4. Claim the verification of the address of your service by asking to a **UNS URL Checker** to check the verification package.

 💡 This command provides a `verificationKey` and writes a verification package in `uns-verification.txt` file. These data will be used in the next steps.

### Expose the proof of ownership to your website

In order to prove that you own your domain name, you have to expose the generated verification package using **one of** the followings methods:
- **Verify the ownership of your website with an HTML tag**
- **File upload**

#### **Verify the ownership of your website with an HTML tag**

1. Add a `<meta>` tag to the HTML code of a specified page. 

**Example:** 

Here, we can see that the `meta` tag  `<meta name="uns-url-checker-verification" content="your verificationKey"> ` has been added correctly in the `<head>` section of a webpage from `https://www.mycompany.com/`

```html
<html>
  <head>
    <title>Page Title</title>
    <meta name="uns-url-checker-verification" content="your verificationKey">
  </head>
<body>
...
```

3. In UNS CLI, type the following command to finish the verification process:
```bash
  `$ uns properties:verify "@organization:mycompany" --url-channel html`
```
⚠️ Keep the HTML tag into the webpage as long as possible. An URL Checker may need up to 72 hours to check your website.
 
#### **Verify the ownership of your website with a file upload**

Verify your ownership of a site by uploading the **uns-verification.txt file** to your website.
1. Upload the `uns-verification.txt` file to a place where the URL Checker can download it, using the following URL: `https://www.mycompany.com/.well-known/uns-verification.txt`

⚠️ Store the `uns-verification.txt` file in the directory of the command execution.

2. In UNS CLI, type the following command to finish the verification process:
```bash
  `$ uns properties:verify "@organization:mycompany" --url-channel file`
  ```

3. If the file has been correctly added to your website, a **Verified/URL** property is added to your unikname properties.

⚠️ Keep the file on your website as long as possible. An URL Checker may need up to 72 hours to check your website.

### Check your organization @unikname configuration information with the UNS Network explorer
Refer to [Check the creation of your organization @unikname with the UNS explorer](creating-unikname-organization.html#checking-the-creation-of-the-unikname-in-the-explorer) (https://explorer.uns.network/).


👏 Voilà! Your organization @unikname is now ready to use! 


**You are now going to [integrate Unikname Connect on your website](/3.HowToIntegrateUniknameConnect).**
