---
home: false
title: "Getting Started with Unikname Connect"
---

# Getting Started with Unikname Connect

## What is Unikname Connect?

Unikname Connect is a simple, secure and privacy-by-design login solution. 

**A simple-login solution**

Unikname Connect allows you to log in to websites simply with your @unikname. No password is required.

**Privacy-by-design**
Privacy comes first. Our application is entirely built with the idea to keep your personal data private. We don't collect these personal data (name, phone number, address, history) at any moment as well as we will never use your @unikname to trace your habits and behaviors on the Internet.  

**A secure solution**
Unikname Connect is based on a blockchain technology ([uns.network](https://www.uns.network/)) and is fully decentralized. 

When you use the Unikname application for the first time, you are asked to define: 
- a PIN code, to unlock your @unikname, on your device.  
- a @unikname, which is a universal identifier that cannot be counterfeited. 
- a secret recovery key, in the event that you lose your @unikname or personal device. 

These data are not stored on any database. That means that nobody can rob them.

**anti-phishing**
It a natural anti-phishing solution as you don't create any password and as we don't store any of your personal data in any database.

**No counterfeiting**
It is impossible to create two similar @uniknames. @uniknnames work with an algorithm, called Safetypo, that prevents the creation of similar @uniknames.
Example :
once @cecile has been created, it is impossible to create @cecilee or @cec1le, and so on. 

**anti-spoofing**
It is a natural anti-spoofing solution because your @unikname is not linked to your e-mail address in any way.

## How Does Unikname Connect Work? A Quick Overview
1. Download **"My Unikname App"** on your smartphone.
2. Create your personal and unique PIN code and individual @unikname identifier. 
3. Click on the Unikname button, on your favorite website.
You're logged in!

To go further, click the following links:
[LINK] Creating your individual @unikname identifier (for simple users)
[LINK] How to install Unikname Connect on a website (for developers) 
